API: Slack source connector (#666)
Unstructured-IO/docs: snippets/general-shared-text/slack-api-placeholders.mdx

- `<name>` (_required_) - A unique name for this connector.

> - `<channel>` (_required_): The ID of the target Slack channel to read messages from.

Author: ```suggestion
- `<channel>` (_required_): The ID of the target Slack channel from which to read messages.
```

> - `<start-date>`: The starting date and time, in ISO 8601 format such as `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ`, to start reading messages from. Messages that were created earlier than this date and time are ignored. By default, all messages are read unless `<end-date>` is specified.

Reviewer: same grammar notes as PR665 -- 

Start Date: The date and time, in ISO 8601 format (YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ), from which to begin reading messages. Messages created before this timestamp will be ignored. By default, all messages are read unless an End Date is specified.

End Date: The date and time, in ISO 8601 format (YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ), at which to stop reading messages. Messages created after this timestamp will be ignored. By default, all messages are read unless a Start Date is specified.

Bot Token (required): The access token for the Slack app that has permission to read messages from the target Slack channels.

> - `<start-date>`: The starting date and time, in ISO 8601 format such as `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ`, to start reading messages from. Messages that were created earlier than this date and time are ignored. By default, all messages are read unless `<end-date>` is specified.
> - `<end-date>`: The ending date and time, in ISO 8601 format such as `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ`, to stop reading messages at. Messages that are created after this date and time are ignored. By default, all messages are read unless `<start-date>` is specified.
> - `<token>` (_required_): The access token for the Slack app that has access to the target Slack channels to read messages from.

Author: ```suggestion
- `<start-date>`: The date and time, in ISO 8601 format (such as `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ`), from which to begin reading messages. Messages created before this timestamp are ignored. By default, all messages are read unless an end date is specified.
- `<end-date>`: The date and time, in ISO 8601 format (such as `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ`), at which to stop reading messages. Messages created after this timestamp are ignored. By default, all messages are read unless start date is specified.
- `<token>` (_required_): The access token for the Slack app that has permission to read messages from the target Slack channels.
```
